OSDOCS-14521: Migrating between MAPI and CAPI resources (#93633)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/capi-mapi-conversion-overview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * machine_management/cluster_api_machine_management/cluster-api-getting-started.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="capi-mapi-conversion-overview_{context}"]
= Converting Machine API resources to Cluster API resources

> On clusters that support converting Machine API resources to Cluster API resources, a two-way synchronization controller creates the following Cluster API resources in the `openshift-cluster-api` namespace:

Author: That's a good distinction to be aware of. I will reread with that in mind and adjust anything that I think might need it. I think in most cases it will probably not be important, but if something breaks down somewhere between those two processes, we would need the vocabulary to discuss it clearly :)

* One or more machine templates that correspond to compute machine sets.
* One or more compute machine sets that manage three compute machines.

These Cluster API resources correspond to the infrastructure resources that the installation program provisions in the `openshift-machine-api` namespace for a cluster that uses the default configuration options.
The Cluster API resources have the same names as their Machine API counterparts and appear in the output of commands, such as `oc get`, that list resources.
The synchronization controller creates the Cluster API resources in an unprovisioned (`Paused`) state to prevent unintended reconciliation.

For supported configurations, you can convert a Machine API resource to the equivalent Cluster API resource by changing which API it considers authoritative.

> Converting resources provides an opportunity to verify that migrating Machine API resources to the Cluster API works as expected before deciding to use the Cluster API in production clusters.
> After converting a Machine API resource to an equivalent Cluster API resource, you can examine the new resource to verify that the features and configuration match the original Machine API resource.

Author: did a bit different but I think equivalent:
```suggestion
By migrating a Machine API resource to use the Cluster API, you can verify that everything works as expected before deciding to use the Cluster API in production clusters.
After migrating a Machine API resource to an equivalent Cluster API resource, you can examine the new resource to verify that the features and configuration match the original Machine API resource.
```
